well if you watched Al Gore's Live Earth
concert this weekend or as i like to
call it crap a Palooza then you must
have been thinking what the heck is the
carbon footprint on this thing well I've
got just a few of the numbers according
to a London newspaper The Daily Mail the
artists travelled to combine 220 2624
miles to get to the various concerts
that is nearly nine times the
circumference of the planet but I'm
assuming they didn't get there by Prius
whole lot of airplane fuel their total
carbon footprint of the event likely to
be at least 30 1,500 tons of carbon
emissions according to John Buckley of
carbon footprint com question is would
it have been better for the environment
to you know I don't know just like make
a quilt out of hemp and just pass it
around or something joining me now is
Michael Brune executive director for
Rainforest Action Network Mike a lot of
people a lot of environmentalists not
just you know typical skeptics like me
are saying that live earth a little
hypocritical saying that Madonna has the
carbon footprint of I think it's 14,000
people in the country where she adopted
her son did you find it a little
hypocritical at all no I mean you can
you can make some criticisms if you want
but I think that we should probably be
applauding these people who stood up and
took a stand to fight climate change and
to make the country in the world a
better place so do you buy into
indulgences I mean I'm sorry I'm sorry
I'm not indulgence is offsets yeah i
think that offsets are probably a nice
gesture but they're they're more of a
distraction than anything else don't you
find them to be I mean it was a Freudian
slip there to call them indulgences I
mean that's what the Catholic Church was
selling for forgiveness well you just
pay me this money and then we'll forgive
it and it doesn't really change anything
I mean is that as an environmentalist
when you look at the list of the where
is it the four things or the seven
things they ask you to do they ask you
to change for incandescent light bulbs
in your house shop for energy-efficient
appliances shut off electrical equipment
and use take public transport or carpool
at least once a week there's nowhere in
here about
vegetarianism or anything like that that
would make a real impact on the
environment yeah and I think that if
there's criticisms of the concert it
could be that the focus could be on the
things that matter the most but I
wouldn't criticize the artist who
performs I think the most important
thing is to focus on the biggest sources
of greenhouse gases like cars and coal
what is it true but Mike see you've
bought into it that is not the the main
cause it is animal gases that it
produces more co2 than any of the cars
that were driving sounds like a bunch of
bull to me Glenn I think that the
biggest source of greenhouse gases it's
it's a fact is coal coal fired power
plants one of the points in the platform
is to enact a moratorium on new
coal-fired power which to me seems like
the best way to go because we can
produce clean energy or we can save
energy and not produce any of the
pollution are you for nuclear power no
of course not of course not I mean it's
clean energy of course you wouldn't be
for that well Francis eighty percent
nuclear energy is everybody loves
friends it's clean energy if you don't
factor in the threat of nuclear
proliferation or what a terrorist might
do to a nuclear power plant okay the
best way to produce energy is is by
saving it in that way we all win we can
elect saving it it's not producing it
Michael right it's a difference we'll
talk about that some other time thanks a
lot Michael I appreciate it coming up
next story you're not gonna see any
place else gas prices weird weird all
the hype though why the national average
still is at three dollars a gallon for